Add styleguide example for a documented C/C++ struct (#15616)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/sg/c_cpp_coding_style.md

```c
// `ptr` can never be NULL for reasons.
```

> Documentation comments should use `/* ... */` style blocks. Examples:

Author: Do we generate documentation for internal code?

If we do, this should specify to use `/** ... */` Doxygen-style comments. I've seen both styles used internally, so unsure whether we require this or not.

Reviewer: Good point, would bind change it?

Reviewer: Could you also add a text saying something like:
 "structs and enums members should also be documented using `/** ... */` style. "

Author: Sure, updated.

}
```

```c
/**
 * Boot data stored in the flash info partition.
 */
typedef struct boot_data {
  /**
   * CRC32 checksum of boot data.
   *
   * The region covered by this checksum starts immediately after this field and
   * ends at the end of the entry.
   */
  uint32_t checksum;
  /**
   * Boot data identifier.
   */
  uint32_t identifier;
} boot_data_t;
```

> 

Reviewer: I thought this PR had the goal of clarifying how to document structs and enums, isn't it @luismarques.

}
```

> This also applies to struct and enum members:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This also applies to `struct` and `enum` members:
```

```c
/**
 * Boot data stored in the flash info partition.
 */
typedef struct boot_data {

>   /**
>    * CRC32 checksum of boot data.
>    *
>    * The region covered by this checksum starts immediately after this field and
>    * ends at the end of the entry.
>    */
>   uint32_t checksum;
>   /**
>    * Boot data identifier.
>    */
>   uint32_t identifier;

Reviewer 3: Thanks for including fields for both long and short docs!

nit: I know this is just an example but we just updated the definition of this type:

```suggestion
  /**
   * SHA-256 digest of boot data.
   *
   * The region covered by this digest starts immediately after this field and
   * ends at the end of the entry.
   */
  hmac_digest_t digest;
  ...
  /**
   * Boot data identifier.
   */
  uint32_t identifier;
  ...
```

Author: Good spot, thanks!
